About Us
1. Logo of Our Application
   Quote Of Our Application Below Our Logo
2. Version Number(In Date Of Latest Update)
3. Contact Us On
       ->Follow us on Facebook
       ->Follow Us On Instagram
       ->Business Account : Gmail Account
4. Disclaimer
    ->This application is created under the program of SMART INDIA HACKATHON (SIH) - 2019 by the team Inovars for FLUCON Pvt. Ltd. . The development of this 
      application was based on providing the basic health facilites to all those people who find it diffcult to communicate with the doctors of town or big 
      cities and for this there was a use of an intermediate connection to establish the communication between the people and the doctor's via various technology
      factors like mobile application at basic and other like call or video-call if possible. This could help provide the basic the health facilites to the people
      in very short period of time. This included the third party mode known to be Admin where the data related patient and doctor's are stored and can be fetched
      when needed.

    -> Copyrights (logo) Application Name (All Rights Reserved)
5. Terms Of Use
   This speicification is made to insure all the poeple who are going to use this appliaction are abide by the rules and regulations that have been implemented in the
   process of making of this application.
   ->Patient 
     A patient works as a outdoor input for this application this entity is not directly in connection with this appliaction but through another entity they are
     in connection with. The patient provides there health issues to the mediator.
   ->Pharmacist 
     This entity fetch all the outdoor input from the entity from the entity patient and feeds that data in the databse of the application so that oter entity that is 
     the doctor and the admin can access  the databse or the outdoor input.
   ->Doctor 
     Doctor fetch the outdoor input that is provided in the databse of the application by the entity pharmacist. The doctor access the input problem and provide the 
     solution to the the mediator pharmacist so that that entity and that solution is too stored in the databse of the application. The solution that is subjected by
     the doctor to the pharmacist then the pharnmacist provides the soltuion to the people who are in need. 
   ->Admin
     The admin that is known as administrator has an access to the database of the application where the details like user login of doctor and pharmacist is there. 
     The server is under the charge of the admin so that he has a look on the wholesum process.   
